During my time as a salamander, I was in close association with a comrade of mine by the name of Faber. He was a college professor before colleges closed around 40 years ago. We had many conversations, among these included one about the state of society and what exactly our society was missing. These three elements were: **quality**, **leisure to digest**, and **right to carry out actions**.

### Quality

Quality refers to the quality of the writing we're given, this would include the reading level and vocabulary used in the writing. If the writing has more quality to it, it includes complex vocabulary and complex ideas in the writing. We declined sharply in the quality of writing to cater to the amount of uneducated people we had in our society. The government might have tricked us into believing that we were being educated, however we were just playing right into their hand! We let them control what information came into our heads, and thus why we were given low quality writing, to make up for the intentional loss of _real_ education.

### Leisure to Digest

While the quality of the writing that was given to us in society is a huge issue in our society, another one would be the leisure for people in our society to digest this information. We can have the best quality of writing in the world, however if people don't want to digest this information and make their own inferences on it, there is no way society would ever improve. In fact, the reason the salamanders were ever repurposed to burn books in the first place was because society didn't want to read books anymore. If you really think about it, we really did let them control our lives blindingly! They exploited our ignorance and turned it into bliss, as if you were in a casino where time didn't pass.

### Right to Carry Out Actions

What encouraged me to explore the idea of books further and how to understand them was a 17-year old girl named Clarisse. This girl was so different compared to the average teenager in our society, she wasn't like the ones that would go 200 mph on roads willing to run anyone they wanted over for the thrill of it. Clarisse got her thrill through books and was driven by her curiosity of the world! You might be wondering why I'm telling you this, this is because Clarisse was shut out of normal teenage life and was seen as an anti-social freak, could you believe that? She was such a vibrant girl and she was seen as a freak by everyone and was eventually run over by a car. My main point here is that if we have the quality and leisure to digest information, we need to be able to carry out actions that we belive are just with the opinions we have on this information. For this, I advise you to take Clarisse as a prime example of this.

In conclusion, we can safely say that most of society's problems derive from these three key factors. For any readers that couldn't understand a bit of the vocabulary I was using, I would like you to come to understand what these terms really mean and try to digest the information I gave you in this article. This is your first step to really becoming aware of the trauma you've been through for the longest time.