Before I ever became aware of what was going on in society, I can't help but think that I was the same as everyone else deceived by the government. Over my time in the city and my time as a salamander, I've met many people who've had similar personalities and the odd few who've been different from the others. I want to take the time to describe these people and their personalities and how they have helped me come to understand myself better in the end.

### Mildred

Oh, what can I say about plain old Mildred? Throughout my years of being her husband, I watched her decay and slowly die. Truthfully, she never looked at reality, she was always more engrossed in what she considered her family. This "family" was projected onto three walls in my home, all of which I spent my precious money for just for her to completely disregard my presence and acknowledge only the fictional! She was about as average as every other citizen in society that were so "blissed", she wore those stupid seashells and listened to music constantly and disregarded everything logical. I also found this similar in her friends that she brought over to hang out, they were so bland and oblivious to everything going on around them. It was so bad that they were voting for our nation's leader off of his looks! You get the general idea though, right? Mildred isn't a one of a kind, she's one of the millions that believe they're in a world of perfection, one where she can do anything she wants without repercussion.

### Clarisse

Clarisse was like the daughter I never had, she opened my eyes to what the world could really be like. If I had never met her, I wonder where I would be today, probably dead from that explosion! We would talk quite often before she got hit by that car, I would always see her on my way back from work doing something that I've never seen anyone do before. I was always unprepared for what she had in store for each day, which is what made it even more exciting.

### Faber

Faber, the old friend that I mentioned in my last article, was actually one of the few people that I actually liked in that society. It was reassuring to know that there were still people like that that knew how to understand literature and actually have the common sense to comphrened information logically. While he had all of this knowledge and understanding, he just wasn't brave enough to tackle things head on without someone like me along. We had this big plan to camapign against the corrupt figment that everyone thought was so amazing. However, I haven't seen him since the huge explosion that happened that night, I do really hope he's okay. One day, I'll be able to meet him again with the friends I've made along the way here.

### Beatty

The thing that freaked me out about Beatty was that he wasn't at all oblivious, in fact, he knew and understood more than I did about the books. However, he wanted people to be like this in society, he intentionally wanted people to conform to the government and succumb to the fake reality that it had created. Though, thinking about this now, did he really think that way? When I had killed him with that flamethrower, it looked to me as if he had _wanted_ to die. Did he actually feel guilty for the amount of pain he had caused to everyone? It's a weird question to ask, since he was the main advocate for burning books and censoring them, but read them himself and might have felt guilty for it. I feel horrible about killing him, but maybe it was for the best after all.

### Granger

Granger reminds me of a combination of me and Faber, someone who has the understanding and knowledge of literature but also has the courage to act out on this knowledge. He's the reason I strived this hard to get out of the city and the reason I tried so hard to understand literature in the first place. With him, I finally feel like I have a real purpose, one that actually matters in a society and not one that just burns books to make the government happy. He also made me realize something that Beatty used against me, my own arrogance. I finally realized that there are people like me and that I'm not the Jesus Christ of books, and that I must help people that want to learn books just like I once was.

All in all, this just about sums up all the people I've met on my journey so far. I'm really grateful to everyone I've met so far, even if one of those people just happens to be Mildred! Everyone that I've met has made me realize the wrongs of the society I grew up in and what I should be focusing on in my life. Maybe you can take some inspiration from these people and become someone you never thought you could be. Hell, you could even end up like how I am right now!
